W-22402948 flex on shared spaces gr (#1069)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: gateway/1.13/modules/ROOT/pages/flex-gateway-managed-set-up.adoc

+
Ingress::
+
You can't configure the ingress options for a Managed Omni Gateway deployed to a CloudHub 2.0 shared space. Shared Spaces don't support vanity domains.
+
* *Public endpoint*:
+
.. Select your desired *Domain*.
+
To learn more, see xref:cloudhub-2::ps-create-configure.adoc[].
+
.. Enter a *Host*.
+
.. Click *Add Endpoint* to add an additional endpoint to a different domain. 
+

> Managed Omni Gateway supports one *Public endpoint* per domain in your privatespace.

Author: ```suggestion
Managed Omni Gateway supports one *Public endpoint* per domain in your private space.
```

+
. Click *Save & deploy*.

[[managed-omni-gateway-endpoints]]
== Managed Omni Gateway Endpoints

> Flex Gateway provides these endpoints:

Author: ```suggestion
Omni Gateway provides these endpoints:
```
